To verfiy build for Simmy docs PR (#1894)
App-vNext/Polly: docs/chaos/behavior.md

|----------------------|---------------|------------------------------------------------|
| `OnBehaviorInjected` | `null`        | Action executed when the behavior is injected. |
| `BehaviorAction`     | `null`        | Custom behavior to be injected.                |

## Diagrams

### Happy path sequence diagram

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    actor C as Caller
    participant P as Pipeline
    participant B as Behavior
    participant D as DecoratedUserCallback

    C->>P: Calls ExecuteAsync
    P->>B: Calls ExecuteCore
    activate B
    B-->>B: Determines Behavior Injection
    deactivate B
    B->>+D: Invokes
    D->>-B: Returns result
    B->>P: Returns result
    P->>C: Returns result
```

### Unhappy path sequence diagram

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    actor C as Caller
    participant P as Pipeline
    participant B as Behavior
    participant D as DecoratedUserCallback

    C->>P: Calls ExecuteAsync
    P->>B: Calls ExecuteCore
    activate B
    B-->>B: Determines Behavior Injection
    B-->>B: Inject Behavior
    deactivate B
    B->>+D: Invokes
    D->>-B: Returns result
    B->>P: Returns result
    P->>C: Returns result
```

## Anti-patterns

> ❌ Do not use behavior strategies to inject delays, use the latency monkey instead as the [`LatencyChaosStrategy`](latency.md) already correctly handles synchronous/asynchronous delay executions, cancellations, etc.

Author: ```suggestion
### Injecting delay

❌ DON'T 

Use behavior strategies to inject delays

✅ DO

Use the latency monkey instead as the [`LatencyChaosStrategy`](latency.md) already correctly handles synchronous/asynchronous delay executions, cancellations, etc.
```
